
Surface Pro 9
Surface Pro 9 gives you the tablet flexibility you want and the laptop performance and battery life² you need to move through your day — all in one ultra-portable device. Now with powerful new processors and optional high-speed 5G⁶ connectivity.

Power your day with Surface Pro 9
Sleek portability and multitasking speed powered by 12th Gen Intel® Core, with Windows 11. Pre-order now and get Surface Dock or Surface Earbuds included. Use Surface Pro Liberty Keyboard with Slim Pen 2 to transform Surface Pro 9¹ and Windows 11 into your perfect laptop.Hassle-free returns: Extended return offer period available with Surface devices purchased from Microsoft Store in select markets. Return process must be started within 60 days after customer received the device. Not available for purchases by reseller customers. Extended return offer period limited to 5 device returns total per eligible customer. Excludes Surface Hub. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. Other exclusions and limits may apply. Microsoft Store return policy applies to extended returns. See applicable Microsoft Terms of Sale for more information.

Power your dreams
Experience a new era in next-gen performance with Xbox Series X and Xbox Series S

For business
Breathtaking art and iconic innovation come together with this special edition keyboard designed by Surface 

Skills
Find the best of Surface at Microsoft Store: free standard shipping and returns, price promise

When art meets technology
Love your laptop even more with this ultimate fusion of art and innovation from Liberty and Surface, featuring a breathtaking blue floral print inspired by the Windows 11 Bloom. Art seamlessly blends with technology to transform Surface Pro 91 into a full laptop with this premium, special edition keyboard.

Belgrade, Serbia
Danijelova 32

Dusanovac

mail@singidunum.ac.rs

Singidunum University
Location of Singidunum University


Contact
IndexNumber @ Full name

About
Web design refers to the design of websites that are displayed on the internet.

Contact
You can achieve anything if you put your mind to it

Portfolio
The resources you need are readily available online and in the market

FAQ
Appearance and design are incorporated as vital elements whether you're designing a website.